
===== PDF_SHEET 290 (printed p.266) =====
266 Article VII 
not apply to Compensation earned by the player prior to the assignment 
or to loans. 
(j) As soon as is practicable following each trade (but in no event later 
than one (1) week from the date of the trade), the NBA shall send to the 
Players Association, by email, a summary of the principal terms of the 
trade; provided, however, that the NBA may omit from such summary any 
terms that the NBA or one (1) or more Teams involved in the trade 
reasonably deem confidential (other than such terms as may be necessary 
to verify the Teams’ compliance with Section 8(a) above).  
(k) A “trade” of a player under this Agreement shall mean an 
assignment of a Player Contract pursuant to a negotiated exchange 
between two or more Teams following a trade conference call with the 
NBA league office.  For clarity, the word “trade” shall not include an 
assignment of a player via the NBA’s waiver procedures. 
Section 9. Miscellaneous. 
(a) Except where this Agreement states otherwise, for purposes of any 
rule in this Agreement that limits, involves counting, or otherwise relates 
to, the number of Seasons covered by a Contract: 
(1) If a Player Contract or Extension is signed after the beginning 
of a Season, the Season in which the Contract or Extension is 
signed shall be counted as one (1) full Season covered by the 
Contract or Extension; and in the case of an Extension that is 
signed during the period from the end of a Season through the 
immediately following June 30, the Season immediately preceding 
the signing of the Extension (i.e., the just-completed Season) shall 
be counted as one (1) full Season covered by the Extension. 
(2) An Option Year shall be counted as one (1) Season covere d 
by the Contract. 
(b) Except where this Agreement states otherwise, all of the rules in 
this Agreement that limit, affect the calculation of, or otherwise relate to, 
the Compensation or Salary provided for in a Player Contract shall apply 
to Option Years. 
===== PDF_SHEET 291 (printed p.267) =====
  Article VII 267 
Section 10. Accounting Procedures. 
(a) (1) The NBA and the Players Association shall jointly engage 
an independent auditor (the “Accountants”) to provide the parties 
with an “Audit Report” (and a “Draft Audit Report,” and, if 
applicable, an “Interim Audit Report ” and, if applicable, an 
“Interim Designated Share Audit Report”) setting forth BRI, and 
Total Salaries and Benefits for the immediately preceding Salary 
Cap Year, and the information called for by Section 12 below (the 
“Designated Share Information”).  The audit reports provided for 
by this Section 10(a)(1) are to be prepared in accordance with the 
provisions and definitions contained in this Agreement.  The 
engagement of the Accountants shall be deemed to be renewed 
annually unless they are discharged by either party during the 
period from the submission of an Audit Report up to January 1 of 
the following year.  The parties agree to share equally the costs 
incurred by the Accountants in preparing the audit reports 
provided for by this Section 10(a)(1). 
(2) The Accountants shall submit a “Draft Audit Report” for 
each Salary Cap Year to the NBA and the Players Association, 
along with relevant supporting documentation, two (2) weeks prior 
to the scheduled issuance of the final Audit Report.  
(3) The final Audit Report shall be submitted by the Accountants 
to the parties by 6:00 p.m. eastern time on the last day of the Salary 
Cap Year under audit.  The audit shall begin as needed to ensure 
there is no reduction in the audit duration compared to the  2011 
CBA.  The Audit Report shall not be deemed final until the parties 
have confirmed in writing their agreement (in a form acceptable to 
the parties) with such Report.  The NBA, the Players Association, 
and the Teams shall use their best efforts to faci litate the 
Accountants’ timely completion of the Audit Report.  
(4) In the event that, for any reason, the Accountants fail to 
submit to the parties a final Audit Report by 6:00 p.m. eastern time 
on the last day of the Salary Cap Year under audit, the Accountants 
shall prepare an interim Audit Report (the “Interim Audit Report”) 
by such time setting forth the Accountants’ best estimate of BRI 
and Total Salaries and Benefits for the preceding Salary Cap Year 
===== PDF_SHEET 292 (printed p.268) =====
268 Article VII 
and, based upon such best estimates, the Designated Share 
Information.  Such Interim Audit Report shall include:  
(i) All amounts of BRI and Total Salaries and Benefits (or the 
portions thereof) and all Designated Share Information (or 
the portions thereof) for such Salary Cap Year as to which 
the Accountants hav e completed their review and, by 
written agreement of the Players Association and the NBA 
(waiving their respective rights to dispute such amounts), 
are not in dispute.  
(ii) With respect to any amounts of BRI or Total Salaries and 
Benefits (or portions thereof) as to which the Accountants 
have not completed their review or which are the subject 
of a good faith dispute between the parties, the NBA’s 
good faith proposal as to the proper amount, if any, that 
should be included in the Audit Report.  
(iii) With respect to  any items of Designated Share 
Information that are the subject of a good faith dispute 
between the parties, the Accountants’ good faith 
determination as to such items, taking into account the 
provisions of Sections 10(a)(4)(i) and (ii).  
As soon as practicable after the Interim Audit Report is submitted to the 
parties, the Accountants shall submit the final Audit Report, including a 
description of the differences, if any, from the Interim Audit Report.  The 
Audit Report shall not be deemed final until the parties have confirmed in 
writing their agreement (in a form acceptable to the parties) with such 
Report or all disputes with respect to such Report have been finally 
resolved by means of the dispute -resolution procedures provided for by 
this Agreement. 
If, at the conclusion of the Audit Report Challenge Period (as defined by 
Section 12(a)( 11) below), the Accountants have not submitted or are 
unable to submit a final Audit Report (because, by way of example but not 
limitation, there are disputes or claims that have been asserted pursuant to 
Article XXXII, Section 9(c) and which remain pending), the Accountants 
shall prepare and submit to the parties, within five (5) business days 
following the completion of the Audit Report Challenge Period, an 
===== PDF_SHEET 293 (printed p.269) =====
  Article VII 269 
Interim Designated Share Audit Report that shall include the information 
set forth in the Interim Audit Report as adjusted or amended so as to 
reflect any final determinations made by the System Arbitrator or the 
Appeals Panel (as the case may be) in proceedings commen ced pursuant 
to Article XXXII, Section  9(b) and involving disputes or claims with 
respect to such Interim Audit Report.  The sole purposes for which any 
Interim Designated Share Audit Report is to be used under this Agreement 
are to perform or form the basis for the calculations to be made pursuant 
to Section 12 below and, if applicable, to perform the calculations that 
determine whether the conditions to the parties’ mutual termination rights 
set forth in Article XXXIX, Sections 7-8 are satisfied. 
(b) For purposes of determining BRI, Total Salaries and Benefits, and 
the Designated Share Information, the Accountants shall perform at least 
such review procedures as shall be agreed upon by the parties.  In 
connection with the preparation of Audit Reports for each Salary Cap 
Year, each Team and the NBA shall submit a report to the Accountants, 
the NBA, and the Players Association setting forth BRI, Team Salaries, 
and Benefits information for such Salary Cap Year, on forms agreed upon 
by the NBA, the Players Associat ion, and the Accountants (the “BRI 
Reports”).  The NBA and the Players Association shall agree upon such 
forms no later than April 1 of each Salary Cap Year. 
(c) The Accountants shall review the reasonableness of any estimates 
of revenues or expenses for a Salary Cap Year included in the Teams’ and 
the NBA’s BRI Reports for such Salary Cap Year and may make such 
adjustments in such estimates as they deem appropriate.  To the extent the 
actual amounts of revenues received or expenses incurred for a Salary Cap 
Year differ from such estimates, adjustments shall be made in BRI for the 
following Salary Cap Year in accordance with the provisions of 
Section 10(f) below.  
(d) With respect to deducted expenses, except for Newly -Deductible 
International Expenses, the NBA, Lea gue-related entities, Teams, and 
Related Parties shall report in BRI Reports only those expenses that are 
reasonable and customary in accordance with the provisions of 
Section 1(a) above.  Subject to the terms of Section 1(a)(6) and 
Section 1(a)(14) above, and Section 11 below, all categories of expenses 
deducted in a BRI Report completed by the NBA or a Team shall be 
reviewed by the Accountants, but such categories shall be presumed to be 
===== PDF_SHEET 294 (printed p.270) =====
270 Article VII 
reasonable and customary and the amount of the expenses deducted by 
the NBA or a Team that come within such expense categories shall also 
be presumed to be reasonable and customary, unless such categories or 
amounts are found by the Accountants to be either unrelated to the 
revenues involved or grossly excessive. 
(e) The Accou ntants shall notify designated representatives of the 
NBA and the Players Association:  (1) if the Accountants have any 
questions concerning the amounts of revenues or expenses reported by 
the Teams and the NBA or any other information contained in the BRI  
Reports; or (2) if the Accountants propose that any adjustments be made 
to any revenue or expense item or any other information contained in the 
BRI Reports.  
(f) The Accountants shall indicate which amounts included in BRI for 
a Salary Cap Year, if any, repr esent estimates of revenues or expenses.  
With respect to any such estimated revenues or expenses, the Accountants 
shall, in preparing the Audit Report for the immediately succeeding Salary 
Cap Year (“Subsequent Audit Report”), or the Audit Report for the same 
Salary Cap Year in the event that an Interim Audit Report was previously 
issued for that Salary Cap Year, determine the actual revenues and 
expenses received for the prior Salary Cap Year and include as a credit or 
debit to BRI in such Subsequent Audit Report the amount of the aggregate 
difference, if any, between all such estimated revenues and expenses for 
the prior Salary Cap Year and the actual revenues and expenses received 
for such Salary Cap Year.  
(g) In the event that in the course of preparing an Audit Report for a 
Salary Cap Year the Accountants discover that they committed an error in 
computing BRI in the Audit Reports for either of the two (2) previous 
Salary Cap Years, which error resulted in a material understatement or 
overstatement of BRI for either of such Salary Cap Years, and the parties 
agree that such error was committed and agree as to the amount of the 
resulting understatement or overstatement (or, if they do not agree, an 
error (and the amount of such error) is established pursuant to the dispute 
resolution procedures provided for in this Agreement) the amount of such 
understatement or overstatement of BRI shall be added to or subtracted 
from BRI, as the case may be, with interest (at a rate equal to the one (1) 
year Treasury Bill rate as published in The Wall Street Journal on the date of 
the issuance of such Audit Report) accruing from the date of the Audit 
===== PDF_SHEET 295 (printed p.271) =====
  Article VII 271 
Report for the Salary Cap Year in which such understatement or 
overstatement occurred in equal annual amounts over the then- current 
and subsequent Salary Cap Years.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the 
parties will jointly instruct the Accountants that their audits shall not 
include procedures specifically designed to detect errors committed in 
prior audits.  
(h) In the event that there is an NHL players’ strike or owners’ lockout 
(“work stoppage”) resulting in the cancellation of all or part of any NHL 
season in any Salary Cap Year, and such work stoppage results in a refund 
being made to luxury suite -holders, premium seat license -holders, or to 
purchasers of fixed arena signage and/or naming rights in arenas in which 
both an NBA Team and an NHL team plays its home games, then the 
revenues for luxury suites, premium seat licenses, and fixed arena signage 
and/or naming rights in such arenas shall be determined as if such refunds 
were not made.  If the work stoppage continues for a second year, then 
the NHL revenues shall be deemed to be the amount included for the 
prior year.  
(i) All disputes with respect to any Interim Audit Report shall be 
resolved exclusively in accordance with the procedures set forth in 
Article XXXII. 
(j) In the event of a trade that (i) occurs after the final Audit Report for 
a Salary Cap Year is submitted by the Accountants and before the 
conclusion of such Salary Cap Year, and (ii) results in a player earning a trade 
bonus, the final Audit Report shall be amended to reflect such trade bonus 
for purposes of calculating such player’s Salary and the Team’s Team Salary 
(and thus, for clarity, for the purposes of computing the amount of tax the 
Team owes pursuant to Article VII, Section  2(d)); however, the portion of 
such trade bonus that is included in the Team’s Team Salary for such Salary 
Cap Year shall be  excluded from Total Salaries for such Salary Cap Year, 
and included in Total Salaries for the immediately following Salary Cap Year. 
Section 11. Players Association Audit Rights. 
(a) Team Audits.  The Players Association shall have the right as part 
of the annual review of BRI Reports to retain its own accountants (the 
“Players Association’s Accountants”), at its own expense, after the 
submission of each Audit Report under this Agreement, to audit the books 
===== PDF_SHEET 296 (printed p.272) =====
272 Article VII 
and records of NBA teams (of its choosing), with the number of such audits 
in each Salary Cap Year se t forth below (the “First Audit”); provided, 
however, that such review shall be limited to (i) revenue items (including in 
respect of equity transactions subject to Section 1(a)(13) above), and 
(ii) expense items, in each case that appear or should have appeared in the 
BRI Reports.  In the event that, in the opinion of the Players Association’s 
Accountants, such audit indicates misallocations or miscategorizations of 
revenues or expenses (other than with respect to matters that constituted 
Disputed Adjustments in connection with the prior Audit Report) resulting 
in an understatement of BRI, they shall submit to the NBA proposed 
adjustments to BRI consistent with their findings.  In the event that the 
NBA disputes such proposed adjustments, such proposed adjustments shall 
be deemed to be “Disputed Adjustments” and shall be resolved in 
accordance with the procedures set forth in Article XXXII.  In addition, in 
the event that First Audit Disputed Adjustments in excess of $8 million are 
resolved in favor o f the Players Association, the Players Association shall 
then have the right, that Season, to have the Players Association’s 
Accountants audit up to an additional ten (1 0) NBA teams for the same 
Salary Cap Year, in accordance with the foregoing procedures (the “Second 
Audit”).  If, as a result of the Second Audit, additional Disputed 
Adjustments in excess of $ 8 million are resolved in favor of the Players 
Association, the Players Association shall then have the right, that Season, 
to have the Players Associ ation’s Accountants audit all remaining NBA 
Teams for that Salary Cap Year.  The amount of any and all Disputed 
Adjustments that are ultimately resolved in favor of the Players Association 
in accordance with this Section 11(a) shall be added to BRI in the Salary Cap 
Year in which such resolution is reached.  The aggregate number of NBA 
Teams selected for the First Audit by the Players Association over the course 
of the first six (6) Salary Cap Years of the CBA will be ninety (90), to be 
distributed over the  Salary Cap Years at the Players Association’s option.  
For the seventh Salary Cap Year of the CBA, the Players Association will be 
entitled to select fifteen (15) NBA Teams for First Audits, supplemented by 
any of the ninety (90) audits that were not used in a previous Salary Cap 
Year. 
(b) League Audit.  The Players Association shall have the right as part 
of the annual review of BRI Reports to retain the Players Association’s 
Accountants to conduct an audit, at its own expense, of the books and 
records of the NBA, Properties, Media Ventures, and other League -related 
entities associated with generating BRI, provided, however, that such audit 
===== PDF_SHEET 297 (printed p.273) =====
  Article VII 273 
shall be limited to (i) revenue items (including in respect of equity 
transactions s ubject to Section 1(a)(13) above) and (ii) expense items, 
regardless of whether such expenses exceed the applicable BRI ratio of 
expenses to revenues set forth in Exhibit D, in each case that appear or 
should have appeared in the BRI Report.  In the event that, in the opinion 
of the Players Association’s Accountants, such audit indicates misallocations 
or miscategorizations of revenues or expenses (other than with respect to 
matters that constituted League Disputed Adjustments in connection with 
the prior Audit Report) resulting in an understatement of BRI, they shall 
submit proposed adjustments to the NBA consistent with their findings.  In 
the event that the NBA disputes such proposed adjustments, such proposed 
adjustments shall be deemed to be League Disputed Adjustments and 
resolved in accordance with the procedures set forth in Article XXXII.  The 
amount of any and all such League Disputed Adjustments that are resolved 
in the Players Association’s favor shall be included in BRI in the Salary Cap 
Year in which such resolution is reached.  In addition, in the event that any 
such League Disputed Adjustments are resolved in the Players Association’s 
favor, the Accountants shall be directed to correct such expense 
misallocations and/or miscategorizations in the remaining Salary Cap Years 
covered by the Agreement.  
(c) Confidentiality.  In connection with any audit conducted by the 
Players Association pursuant to this Section 11, the Players Association 
agrees to sign, and to cause its representatives to sign, a confidentiality 
agreement in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit J -1.  The Players 
Association also agrees to sign, and to cause its representatives to sign, a 
similar confidentiality agreement with respect to informatio n obtained in 
connection with the Accountants’ audit pursuant to Section 10 above.  
(d) P
receding Salary Cap Year Audit Adjustments .  
Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement or any release in the annual 
BRI letter agreement, if upward or downward adjustments are made in 
connection with a Players Association-initiated audit, an adjustment to BRI 
in respect of the same item can also be made for revenues or expenses 
related to the preceding Salary Cap Year, if applicable.  For example, without 
limitation, if, based on the audit findings, the parties agree that a Team 
under-reported 2023-24 BRI by one  million dollars ($1,000,000), and that 
the same error in the same amount occurred in 2022-23, then 2024-25 BRI 
would be adjusted upward by two million dollars ($2,000,000). 
===== PDF_SHEET 298 (printed p.274) =====
274 Article VII 
(e) Related Party Access .  The Players Association’s Accountants 
shall have access to such portions of a Related Party’s books and records 
that the accountants have a well-founded basis to believe have a meaningful 
impact on BRI.  For purposes of the foregoing, (i) where a team plays in an 
arena owned or operated by a Related Party, the Players Association’s 
Accountants will have access to that Related Party arena company’s trial 
balance relating to all revenues and to such other portions of the trial balance 
that the Players Association’s Accountants have a well -founded basis to 
believe have a meaningful impact on BRI; (ii) for other  Related Parties, 
information requests should fit the circumstances to enable the Players 
Association’s Accountants to verify the accuracy of BRI amounts (x) that 
cannot reasonably be verified through other means, and (y) without 
accessing financial and bu siness information that there is no well -founded 
basis to believe have a meaningful impact on BRI; and (iii) the NBA, Players 
Association, and the Team will collectively consider any request for access 
to Related Party books and records while onsite and make their best efforts 
to resolve the access issue. 
(f) B ilateral Adjustments .  Subject to the deadlines set forth in 
Section 11(g) below, the NBA may propose BRI adjustments with respect 
to any Team audited by the Players Association.  The NBA’s right to 
propose such adjustments may not adversely affect in any way the time and 
resources available to the Players Association under its audit rights.  In the 
event that the Players Association disputes such proposed adjustments, such 
proposed adjustments shall be resolved in accordance with the procedures 
set forth in Article XXXII.  The amount of any and all such proposed 
adjustments that are ultimately resolved in favor of the NBA in accordance 
with this Section 11(f), including any adjustments made pursuant to 
Section 11(d) above, shall be deducted from BRI in the Salary Cap Year in 
which such resolution is reached.   
(g) T
iming .  Audits conducted by the Players Association must be 
noticed within ninety (90) days after issuance of the final Audit Report in 
respect of the applicable Salary Cap Year.  Any proposed adjustments by the 
Players Association and NBA relating to Team audits (and in the case of the 
Players Association, with respect to any League Office audits) will be 
resolved by April 30 of the following calendar year.  Each party will provide 
its proposed adjustments by March 25. 
===== PDF_SHEET 299 (printed p.275) =====
  Article VII 275 
Section 12. Designated Share Arrangement. 
(a) Definitions.  As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
(1) “Actual Reduction Percentage” means, with respect to a Salary 
Cap Year, the lesser of (i) ten percent (10%), and (ii) the percentage 
that, when multiplied by Adjusted Total Salaries, equals the 
Uncapped Reduction Amount. 
(2) “Adjusted Team Salary” means for a Team, with respect to a 
Salary Cap Year, the portion of Adjusted Total Salaries for such 
Salary Cap Year for which the Team is financially responsible.  For 
clarity, for purposes of this Sec tion 12(a)( 2), (i) with respect to a 
player that was employed by more than one (1) Team under the same 
Player Contract during the Salary Cap Year ( i.e., in cases where a 
player’s Contract is acquired by trade or pursuant to the NBA waiver 
procedure), the portion of the Adjustment Salary in respect of the 
Adjustment Contract for which each such Team is financially 
responsible shall be determined in accordance with NBA rules; and 
(ii) a Team shall be considered financially responsible for any signing 
bonus allocation (or the allocation of any amount treated as a signing 
bonus pursuant to Section 3(b)(1) above) that was the result of a 
signing bonus (or the result of any amount treated as an earned 
signing bonus pursuant to Section 3(b)(1) above) paid by the Team.  
(3) “Adjusted Total Benefits” means, with respect to a Salary Cap 
Year, an amount equal to Total Benefits for such Salary Cap Year 
less any amounts reimbursed out of the League -wide benefits fund 
described in Article IV, Section 6( h) in respect of such Sa lary Cap 
Year.  
(4) “Adjusted Total Salaries” means, with respect to a Salary Cap 
Year, an amount equal to Total Salaries for such Salary Cap Year 
plus any amounts reimbursed out of the League-wide benefits fund 
described in Article IV, Section 6(h) in respect  of such Salary Cap 
Year.  
(5) “Adjusted Total Salaries and Benefits” means, with respect to a 
Salary Cap Year, the sum of Adjusted Total Salaries and Adjusted 
Total Benefits for such Salary Cap Year. 
===== PDF_SHEET 300 (printed p.276) =====
276 Article VII 
(6) “Adjustment Contract” means, with respect to a Salary Cap 
Year, any Contract that provides for Salary that is included in 
Adjusted Total Salaries for such Salary Cap Year.  
(7) “Adjustment Salary” means, with respect to a Salary Cap Year, 
the amount of Salary in respect of an Adjustment Contract that is 
included in Adjusted Total Salaries for such Salary Cap Year.  
(8) “Adjustment Schedules” means the schedules prepared by the 
NBA with respect to each Salary Cap Year in advance of each 
semi-monthly payment date setting forth for each player the 
applicable Compensation adjustment to be applied in respect of the 
applicable Compensation payment.  
(9) “Aggregate Reduction Amount” means, with respect to a Salary 
Cap Year, an amount equal to the sum of the Contract Reduction 
Amounts for all Adjustment Contracts for such Salary Cap Year.  
(10) “Aggregate Team Overage Balance” means, with respect to a 
Salary Cap Year, an amount equal to the sum of all Team Overage 
Balances for such Salary Cap Year.  
(11) “Audit Report Challenge Period” means the period beginning 
with the date on which an Interim Audit Report is issued by the 
Accountants and ending on the last date by which all challenges 
thereto brought pursuant to Article XXXII, Section 9(b) are 
resolved. 
(12) “Carryover Amount” means, with respect to a Salary Cap Year, 
(i) the amount, if any, by whic h the Uncapped Reduction Amount 
in respect of the immediately preceding Salary Cap Year exceeded 
the Aggregate Reduction Amount in respect of such immediately 
preceding Salary Cap Year, less (ii) the amount, if any, by which the 
Shortfall Amount for the im mediately preceding Salary Cap Year 
exceeded the amount distributed to players pursuant to 
Section 12(e)(3) below with respect to such immediately preceding 
Salary Cap Year.  
(13) “Carryover Interest Rate” means, with respect to a Salary Cap 
Year, a rate equal to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as 
===== PDF_SHEET 301 (printed p.277) =====
  Article VII 277 
published in The Wall Street Journal on the first day of such Salary Cap 
Year, plus 1.225%. 
(14) “Contract Reduction Amount” means for an Adjustment 
Contract, with respect to a Salary Cap Year: 
(i) Prior to the completion of the Governing Audit Report:  an 
amount equal to the Adjustment Salary in respect of such 
Adjustment Contract for such Salary Cap Year multiplied by 
the Withholding Percentage; and 
(ii) For purposes of, and following the completion of , the 
Governing Audit Report:  an amount equal to the 
Adjustment Salary in respect of such Adjustment Contract 
for such Salary Cap Year multiplied by the Actual Reduction 
Percentage. 
(15) “Designated Share” means, with respect to a Salary Cap Year, 
fifty percent (50%) of BRI for such S alary Cap Year, provided that 
the Designated Share for a Salary Cap Year shall be increased or 
decreased in accordance with the following:  
(i) in the event that BRI for a Salary Cap Year exceeds 
Forecasted BRI for such Salary Cap Year, then the 
Designated Share for such Salary Cap Year shall equal fifty 
percent (50%) of Forecasted BRI for such Salary Cap Year, 
plus sixty and one -half percent (60.5%) of the difference 
between BRI for such Salary Cap Year and Forecasted BRI 
for such Salary Cap Year; and  
(ii) in the event that Forecasted BRI for a Salary Cap Year 
exceeds BRI for such Salary Cap Year, then the Designated 
Share for such Salary Cap Year shall equal fifty percent 
(50%) of Forecasted BRI for such Salary Cap Year, less sixty 
and one -half percent (60. 5%) of the difference between 
Forecasted BRI for such Salary Cap Year and BRI for such 
Salary Cap Year.   
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, in no 
event shall the Designated Share for any Salary Cap Year be less than 
===== PDF_SHEET 302 (printed p.278) =====
278 Article VII 
forty-nine percent (49%) of BRI for such Salary Cap Year or greater 
than fifty-one percent (51%) of BRI for such Salary Cap Year. 
To illustrate the foregoing: 
(X) if BRI for a Salary Cap Year were to equal $10 billion, and Forecasted 
BRI for such Salary Cap Year were to equal $9.5 billion, then the Designated 
Share for such Salary Cap Year would equal $5.0525 billion (i.e., $4.75 
billion (i.e., Forecasted BRI of $9.5 billion multiplied by 50%) plus 
$0.3025 billion (i.e., 60.5% of $0.5 billion – the difference between BRI of 
$10 billion and Forecasted BRI of $9.5 billion)), which would equate to 
50.525% of BRI; 
(Y) if BRI for a Salary Cap Year were to equal $9.5 billion, and Forecasted 
BRI for such Salary Cap Year were to equal $10 billion, then the Designated 
Share for such Salary Cap Year would equal $4.6975 billion (i.e., $5 billion 
(i.e., Forecasted BRI of $10 billion multiplied by 50%) less $0.3025 billion 
(i.e., 60.5% of $0.5 billion – the difference between Forecasted BRI of $10 
billion and BRI of $9.5 bil lion)), which would equate to 49.4474% of BRI; 
and  
(Z) if BRI for a Salary Cap Year were to equal $10 billion , and Forecasted 
BRI for such Salary Cap Year were to equal $9 billion, then the Designated 
Share for such Salary Cap Year would equal $5.1 billion or 51% of BRI since 
the amount per the calculation would exceed 51% of BRI (i.e., $4.5 billion (i.e., 
Forecasted BRI of $9 billion multiplied by 50%) plus $0.605 billion (i.e., 
60.5% of $1 billion – the difference between BRI of $10 billion and Forecasted 
BRI of $9 billion) would equal $5.105 billion or 51.05% of BRI).  
(16) “Distribution Amount” means, with respect to a Salary Cap 
Year, an amount equal to the sum of the Aggregate Reduction 
Amount for such Salary Cap Year and any Shortfall Amount for 
such Sala ry Cap Year, allocated in accordance with Section 12(e) 
below. 
(17) “Forecasted BRI” means: 
(i) With respect to the 2023 -24 Salary Cap Year, ninety and 
forty-eight hundredths percent (90.48%) of BRI for the 
2022-23 Salary Cap Year; and 
===== PDF_SHEET 303 (printed p.279) =====
  Article VII 279 
(ii) With respect to each Salary C ap Year beginning with the 
2024-25 Salary Cap Year, one hundred four and one -half 
percent (104.5%) of Forecasted BRI for the immediately 
preceding Salary Cap Year. 
(18) “Governing Audit Report” means, with respect to a Salary Cap 
Year, the Audit Report for such Salary Cap Year, or, if no final Audit 
Report has been submitted at the conclusion of the Audit Report 
Challenge Period, the Interim Designated Share Audit Report for 
such Salary Cap Year.  
(19) “Interest Amount” means, with respect to a Salary Cap Year, 
the Carryover Interest Rate for such Salary Cap Year multiplied by 
the Carryover Amount with respect to such Salary Cap Year. 
(20) “Overage” or “Overage Amount” means, with respect to a 
Salary Cap Year, the amount, if any, by which Adjusted Total Salaries 
and Benefits for such Salary Cap Year exceeds the Designated Share 
for such Salary Cap Year. 
(21) “Shortfall Amount” means, with respect to a Salary Cap Year, 
the amount, if any, by which the Designated Share for such Salary 
Cap Year exceeds Adjusted Total Salaries and B enefits for such 
Salary Cap Year. 
(22) “Team Overage Balance” means for a Team, with respect to a 
Salary Cap Year, the Overage Amount (if any) for such Salary Cap 
Year to which such Team is entitled (calculated in accordance with 
Section 12(d) below), adjusted in accordance with Section 12(e) 
below. 
(23) “Uncapped Reduction Amount” means, with respect to a Salary 
Cap Year, the sum of the Overage Amount, the Carryover Amount, 
and the Interest Amount with respect to such Salary Cap Year. 
(24) “Withholding Percentage” means, with respect to a Salary Cap 
Year, ten percent (10%), provided that in the event that the Salary 
Cap for such Salary Cap Year is limited to one hundred ten percent 
(110%) of the Salary Cap for the immediately preceding Salary Cap 
Year pursuant to Section 2(a)(5) above, then the NBA and Players 
Association shall discuss in good faith reducing the Withholding 
===== PDF_SHEET 304 (printed p.280) =====
280 Article VII 
Percentage (i.e., to a percentage that is less than ten percent (10%)), 
taking into account reasonable estimates of Team and League 
financial performance (accounting for attendant risks and the likely 
size of any Shortfall Amount). 
(b) Benefit Adjustment. 
(1) In the event that, for a Salary Cap Year, prior to any reduction 
pursuant to this Section 12(b)(1), the Uncapped Reduction Amount 
less any Shortfall Amount would exceed ten percent (10%) of 
Adjusted Total Salaries, the Additional Benefit Amount as provided 
for by Article IV, Section 4(d)(1) ( i.e., the one percent (1%) of BRI 
amount for additional benefits) shall be reduced by such excess 
amount (or, if such excess amount is greater than the Additional 
Benefit Amount, then the Additional Benefit Amount shall be 
reduced in full).  Any reduction to the Additional Benefit Amount 
for a Salary Cap Year pursuant to this Sec tion 12(b)(1) shall be 
deducted from Total Benefits (and, thus, Adjusted Total Benefits) 
for such Salary Cap Year (thus decreasing the Overage Amount 
and/or increasing the Shortfall Amount for such Salary Cap Year, 
as applicable). 
(2) For purposes of calculating Projected Benefits (and, thus, the 
Salary Cap) for a Salary Cap Year, no reduction expected to be made 
pursuant to Section 12(b)(1) above shall be taken into account. 
(c) Compensation Adjustments. 
(1) For each Salary Cap Year, each Compensation payment made 
to a player in respect of the Season encompassed by such Salary Cap 
Year pursuant to an Adjustment Contract shall be adjusted by the 
percentage reduction that, when applied to each remaining 
Compensation payment in respect of that Season pursuant to such 
Adjustment Contract, and taking into account any Compensation 
adjustments already made pursuant to this Section 12(c), would 
result in a reduction (pursuant to this Section 12(c)) of the total 
Compensation payable to such player pursuant to the Adjustment 
Contract in respect of that Season equal to the then-applicable 
Contract Reduction Amount. 
===== PDF_SHEET 305 (printed p.281) =====
  Article VII 281 
(2) In the event that, as of the completion of the Governing Audit 
Report, the Compensation payable to a player pursuant to the 
Adjustment Contract has already been reduced pursuant to this 
Section 12(c) by an amount that exceeds the then -applicable 
Contract Reduction Amount, then such excess shall be paid to the 
player in equal installments over the remaining semi -monthly 
payment dates on which payments are due to such player for the 
applicable Season pursuant to the Adjustment Contract beginning 
with either the next semi -monthly payment date following the 
issuance of the Governing Audit Report or, if practicability warrants, 
the second semi-monthly payment date following the issuance of the 
Governing Audit Report (or, if there are no remaining payments due 
to such player for the applicable Season pursuant to the Adjustment 
Contract, such excess shall be paid to the player withi n sixty (60) 
days following the completion of the Governing Audit Report). 
(3) If for any reason, in respect of a Salary Cap Year, the Contract 
Reduction Amount for an Adjustment Contract exceeds the amount 
by which the Compensation provided for by such Contract was 
decreased pursuant to this Section 12(c) above, then the Players 
Association shall make good faith efforts to facilitate the applicable 
Team’s recovery of such excess from the applicable player via a 
direct payment.  In the event any amount remains outstanding as of 
the first semi-monthly payment date for the im mediately following 
Salary Cap Year, such outstanding amount shall be subtracted from 
the Contract Reduction Amount for such Adjustment Contract  in 
respect of the Salary Cap Year with respect to which such amount 
remains outstanding (and the parties shall adjust (or, if necessary, 
deem amended) the Governing Audit Report to reflect such 
decrease). 
(4) Within seven (7) days after receiving any set of Adjustment 
Schedules from the NBA, or within seven (7) days after any event 
that the Players Association believes  warrants a change in any 
previously-issued Adjustment Schedules, the Players Association 
may bring a proceeding before the System Arbitrator, in accordance 
with Article XXXII, Section 10, contesting the NBA’s calculation of 
any player’s Compensation adjustment pursuant to this 
Section 12(c).  Notwithstanding the commencement of any such 
proceeding, each Team shall continue making Compensation 
===== PDF_SHEET 306 (printed p.282) =====
282 Article VII 
adjustments in accordance with this Section 12(c) , and in no event 
shall any Team be prohibited from making such Compensation 
adjustments prior to a final determination in any such proceeding.  
In the event that the NBA makes a determination, or a final 
determination is made in a proceeding in accordance with this 
Section 12(c)(4), that an adjustment to a player’s Compensation was 
erroneously calculated by the NBA, the sole remedy with respect to 
any amounts erroneously deducted from the player’s Compensation 
shall be to modify, as soon as practicable, the deduction amounts 
applicable to such player so as to reduce, in equal amounts, all 
scheduled future deductions from post -determination payments of 
Compensation until the amount of any prior over-deduction is fully 
offset; provided, however, that to the extent that reducing the 
player’s future deductions would not fully  offset the prior 
over-deductions, the NBA shall instruct the applicable Team to pay 
the player as soon as practicable such additional amounts as are 
necessary to fully offset such over-deductions. 
(d) Team Overage Balance.  In respect of each Salary Cap Year, each 
Team’s Team Overage Balance shall (prior to any adjustments made in 
accordance with Section 12(e) below) equal: 
(1) If there is an Overage Amount that is less than or equal to ten 
percent (10%) of Adjusted Total Salaries:  the Overage Amount 
divided by thirty (30). 
(2) If there is an Overage Amount that is greater than ten percent 
(10%) of Adjusted Total Salaries:  an amount equal to the sum of 
(i) ten percent (10%) of Adjusted Total Salaries divided by 
thirty (30), and (ii)  the amount by which the Overage exceeds ten 
percent (10%) of Adjusted Total Salaries, multiplied by a fraction, 
the numerator of which is the Team’s Adjusted Team Salary for such 
Salary Cap Year, and the denominator of which is Adjusted Total 
Salaries for such Salary Cap Year. 
(3) If the Overage Amount is zero (0):  zero (0).  
(e) Allocation of Distribution Amount.  Each Salary Cap Year, as part 
of the Governing Audit Report, the following processes will ap ply with 
===== PDF_SHEET 307 (printed p.283) =====
  Article VII 283 
respect to Team Overage Balances and the Distribution Amount  for such 
Salary Cap Year (the “Distribution Year”): 
(1) Beginning with the earliest Salary Cap Year in respect of which 
the Aggregate Team Overage Balance is greater than zero (0): 
(i) If the Distribution Year is later than such Salary Cap Year, 
then each Team’s Team Overage Balance in respect of such 
Salary Cap Year shall be increased by an amount equal to its 
Team Overage Balance in respect of such Salary Cap Year 
multiplied by the Carryover Interest Rate in respect of the 
Distribution Year (and thus the Aggregate Team Overage 
Balance in respect of such Salary Cap Year shall be increased 
by the sum of the increase to each Team’s Team Overage 
Balance in accordance with this Section 12(e)(1)(i)); and 
(ii) With respect to such Salary Cap Year, the Distribution 
Amount for the Distribution Year shall be allocated as 
follows: 
(A) If the Distribution Amount is greater than or equal 
to the Aggregate Team Overage Balance in respect 
of such Salary Cap Year, each Te am shall be 
allocated a portion of the Distribution Amount 
equal to its Team Overage Balance in respect of such 
Salary Cap Year.  As a result, each Team’s Team 
Overage Balance in respect of such Salary Cap Year 
(and thus the Aggregate Team Overage Balance in 
respect of such Salary Cap Year) shall be reduced to 
zero (0); or 
(B) If the Distribution Amount is less than the 
Aggregate Team Overage Balance in respect of such 
Salary Cap Year, each Team shall be allocated a 
portion of the Distribution Amount in proport ion 
to its Team Overage Balance in respect of such 
Salary Cap Year.  As a result, each Team’s Team 
Overage Balance in respect of such Salary Cap Year 
shall be reduced by its respective allocated amount 
(and thus the Aggregate Team Overage Balance in 
===== PDF_SHEET 308 (printed p.284) =====
284 Article VII 
respect of such Salary Cap Year shall be reduced by 
the sum of such allocated amounts). 
(2) The process described in Section 12(e)(1) above shall then be 
repeated, in chronological order, for each successive Salary Cap Year 
for which the Aggregate Team Overage Balan ce is greater than 
zero (0), utilizing the portion of the Distribution Amount for the 
Distribution Year that has not yet been allocated to Teams in respect 
of an earlier Salary Cap Year. 
(3) If, as a result of the existence of a Shortfall Amount for the 
Distribution Year and following the procedures described in 
Sections 12(e)(1)-(2) above, the portion of the Distribution Amount 
that has not been allocated to Teams is greater than zero (0), such 
unallocated portion of the Distribution Amount shall then be 
allocated to each player in proportion to the Adjustment Salary 
provided for by his Adjustment Contract(s) (as a percentage of 
Adjusted Total Salaries) for the Distribution Year.  Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, if the portion of the Distribution Amount to be 
allocated to players pursuant to this Section 12(e)(3) in respect of the 
Distribution Year exceeds the Aggregate Reduction Amount in 
respect of such Salary Cap Year, then such excess, rather than being 
allocated to each player in proportion to the Adjustment  Salary 
provided for by his Adjustment Contract(s), shall be allocated to 
each player on such proportional basis as may be reasonably 
determined by the Players Association. 
Example:  Assume (i) as set forth in the Governing Audit Report for the 2024 -25 
Salary Cap Year (i.e., the Distribution Year), the 2024-25 Distribution Amount is 
$500 million, and (ii) prior to any allocations of the 2024-25 Distribution Amount 
pursuant to this Section 12(e), there is a 2023-24 Aggregate Team Overage Balance 
of $200 million and a 2024-25 Aggregate Team Overage Balance of $400 million, 
and (iii) the 2024-25 Carryover Interest Rate is five percent (5%). 
The earliest Salary Cap Year in which the Aggregate Team Overage Balance is greater 
than zero (0) is the 2023-24 Salary Cap Year.  Because the 2024-25 Distribution 
Year is later than the 2023 -24 Salary Cap Year, each Team’s 2023 -24 Team 
Overage Balance (and hence the 2023 -24 Aggregate Team Overage Balance) would 
be increased by five percent (5%) (i.e., the 2024 -25 Carryover Interest Rate).  As a 
===== PDF_SHEET 309 (printed p.285) =====
  Article VII 285 
result of such increase, the 2023-24 Aggregate Team Overage Balance would be $210 
million (i.e., $200 million increased by five percent (5%)). 
The 2024-25 Distribution Amount of $500 million is greater than the 2023-24 
Aggregate Team Overage Balance of $210 million.  Accordingly, $210 million of the 
2024-25 Distribution Amount would be allocated to Teams in amounts equal to each 
Team’s 2023-24 Team Overage Balance.  As a result of such allocation, each Team’s 
2023-24 Team Overage Balance (and hence the 2023 -24 Aggregate Team Overage 
Balance) would be zero (0). 
The next Salary Cap Year in which the Aggregate Team Overage Balance is greater 
than zero (0) is the 2024-25 Salary Cap Year.  The Distribution Year is not later 
than the 2024-25 Salary Cap Year and thus neither each Team’s 2024 -25 Team 
Overage Balance nor the 2024 -25 Aggregate Team Overage Balance would be 
increased pursuant to Section 12(e)(1)(i) above. 
The unallocated portion of the 2024-25 Distribution Amount is $290 million ($500 
million less the $210 million amount that was allocated in respect of the 2023-24 
Salary Cap Year), which is less than the 2024-25 Aggregate Team Overage Balance 
of $400 million.  Accordingly, $290 million of the 2024-25 Distribution Amount 
would be allocated to Teams in proportion to each Team’s 2024 -25 Team Overage 
Balance.  As a result of such allocation, each Team’s 2024-25 Team Overage Balance 
would be decreased by its respective allocation of the 2024 -25 Distribution Amount 
(and hence the 2024-25 Aggregate Team Overage Balance would be reduced by $290 
million), resulting in a 2024- 25 Aggregate Team Overage Balance of $110 million 
($400 million less the $290 million amount allocated from the 2024-25 Distribution 
Amount). 
In accordance with S ection 12(e)(3) above, no portion of the 2024-25 Distribution 
Amount would be allocated to players in respect of 2024-25 Adjustment Contracts. 
(f) Team Reconciliation Payments .  The NBA shall facilitate the 
following payments to be made within sixty (60) days following the 
completion of the Governing Audit Report in respect of each Salary Cap 
Year, based on the allocations described in Section 12(e) above.  Each Team 
shall be entitled to receive or, if the re sult of the following calculation is 
===== PDF_SHEET 310 (printed p.286) =====
286 Article VII 
negative for such Team, required to pay, the following amount in respect of 
a Salary Cap Year: 
(1) The sum of:  (i) the total Distribution Amount allocated to the 
Team in accordance with Sections 12(e)(1) -(2) above; and (ii) the 
portion of the Distribution Amount allocated in accordance with 
Section 12(e)(3) above to each player in respect of an Adjustment 
Contract for which the Team is (or was) the last Team responsible 
for making payments to the player in respect of the  Season 
encompassed by the Salary Cap Year for which the Governing Audit 
Report was just completed; less 
(2) The sum of:  (i) the total amount by which such Team reduced 
(or is scheduled to reduce) Compensation payments to players in 
respect of the Season encompassed by such Salary Cap Year 
pursuant to Section 12(c) above; and (ii) the Shortfall Amount (if 
any) in respect of such Salary Cap Year divided by the number of 
Teams that played in the NBA during such Salary Cap Year. 
(g) Player Reconciliation Payments .  Following completion of the 
Governing Audit Report in respect of each Salary Cap Year , each player to 
whom a portion of the Distribution Amount is allocated in accordance with 
Section 12(e)(3) above shall be paid the amount of such allocation in respect 
of an Adjustment Contract by the final Team responsible for making 
payments to such player pursuant to such Adjustment Contract in respect 
of the Salary Cap Year for which the Governing Audit Report was j ust 
completed.  Such payment shall be made to the player in equal installments 
over the remaining semi -monthly dates on which payments are due to the 
player for the applicable Season pursuant to the Adjustment Contract 
beginning with either the next semi -monthly payment date following the 
issuance of the Governing Audit Report or, if practicability warrants, the 
second semi-monthly payment date following the issuance of the Governing 
Audit Report (or, if there are no remaining payments due to the player for  
such Season pursuant to the Adjustment Contract, in one (1) payment to be 
made within sixty (60) days following the completion of the Governing 
Audit Report). 
(h) S
urvival of Obligation and Terms .  In t he event that, upon the 
expiration or termination of this Agreement, there is an Aggregate Team 
Overage Balance in respect of any Salary Cap Year (including the final Salary 
===== PDF_SHEET 311 (printed p.287) =====
  Article VII 287 
Cap Year of this Agreement) that is greater than zero (0), the sum total of 
any Aggregate Team Overage Balances shall be due and owing by the players 
to the Teams and shall be recouped in full by the Teams under a successor 
collective bargaining agreement via reductions to the Compensation 
otherwise payable to players (i) no later than the Salary Cap Years in which 
such Aggregate Team Overage Balances would have been recouped 
pursuant to this Section 12 had these provisions continued in effect, and 
(ii) using the method described in this Section 12 or such other method as 
is mutually agreed by the parties.  Notwithstanding any other provision of 
this Agreement, the terms of this Section 12(h) shall survive the expiration 
or termination of this Agreement.  For clarity, nothing in this Section 12(h) 
shall impact any right to engage in any s trikes, lockouts, or cessations or 
other stoppages of work following the expiration or termination of this 
Agreement. 
(i) Information to Be Included in Audit Report .  The parties shall 
cause the Accountants to include in the Interim Audit Report and the 
Governing Audit Report for each Salary Cap Year schedules setting forth, 
with respect to such Salary Cap Year: 
(1) BRI, the Designated Share, Total Salaries and Benefits, and 
Adjusted Total Salaries and Benefits; 
(2) the Overage Amount or the Shortfall Amount (as applicable); 
(3) the Actual Reduction Percentage; 
(4) the Aggregate Reduction Amount; 
(5) the Distribution Amount; 
(6) the Aggregate Team Overage Balance and each Team’s Team 
Overage Balance, both before and after the application of 
Sections 12(e)(1)-(2) above; 
(7) for each prior Salary Cap Year in respect of which the 
Aggregate Team Overage Balance is greater than zero (0) prior to 
the application of Section s 12(e)(1)-(2) above, the Aggre gate Team 
Overage Balance and each Team’s Team Overage Balance in respect 
of each such prior Salary Cap Year, both before and after the 
application of Sections 12(e)(1)-(2) above; 
===== PDF_SHEET 312 (printed p.288) =====
288 Article VII 
(8) a listing of each Team and the Distribution Amount allocated 
to each such Team in accordance with Sections 12(e)(1)-(2) above; 
(9) a listing of each Adjustment Contract, the associated Contract 
Reduction Amount, and the Distribution Amount allocated to the 
player in respect of such Adjustment Contract in accordance with 
Section 12(e)(3) above; 
(10) a summary of the reconciliation payments described in 
Sections 12(f)-(g) above; 
(11) the amount (if any) by which each Team’s Tax Team Salary (as 
computed pursuant to Section 2(d) above) exceeds the Tax Level, 
and the resulting tax payment due by the Team; 
(12) the amount (if any) of any Minimum Team Salary payment 
owed by a team in accordance with Section 2(c) above; and 
(13) the amount (if any) by which each Team’s Apron Team Salary 
(as computed pursuant to Section 2(e) above) exceeds the Second 
Apron Level. 
(j) Miscellaneous. 
(1) For all purposes under this Agreement, the computation of a 
player’s Salary or Adjustment Salary shall be made without regard to 
any adjustment made (or to be made) to such player’s Compensation 
in accordance with this Section 12. 
(2) When (i) pursuant to Article VI, Section 1 or Article XLI, 
Section 4(e), a player has forfeited a portion of his Compensation 
for a Season (payable to him pursuant to an Adjustment Contract) 
(the “forfeited amount”) and (ii) following the completion of the 
Governing Audit Report, the Contract Reduction Amount for such 
Adjustment Contract for the applicable Salary Cap Year is greater 
than zero (0), then the player shall be entitled to a refund of a portion 
of the forfeited amount.  The refund shall be in an amount equal to 
the Contract Reduction Amount for the Adjustment Contract for 
the Salary Cap Year to which the forfeited amount related multiplied 
by a fraction, the numerator of which is the forfeited amount, and 
the denominator of which is the player’s Base Compensation for 
===== PDF_SHEET 313 (printed p.289) =====
  Article VII 289 
such Season pursuant to the Adjustment Contract as of the date(s) 
the Compensation was forfeited.  For clarity, the amount of the 
refund shall be less all amounts required to be withheld by any 
governmental authority.  For purposes of the foregoing calculation, 
a player’s Contract Reduction Amount shall be deemed to include 
only the portion of the player’s Contract Reduction Amount that 
relates to the Base Compensation for the applicable Season set forth 
in the applicable Adjustment Contract.  Such refund shall be made 
to the player within sixty (60) days following the completion of the 
Governing Audit Report for the Salary Cap Year in which the 
forfeited amount is collected. 